🚑(frontend) Do not bind username to lti consumer context (#1378)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unrealeased]

## [2.7.1] - 2021-06-08

### Fixed

> - Do not bind username to LTI Consumer if user is logged in

Reviewer: Maybe explain why?
```suggestion
- Stop sending username in LTI consumer requests as it breaks the signature
```

- finish integrating the missing pages and improve the sandbox environment;
- test and polish the use of richie as a django app / node dependency.

[unreleased]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v2.7.1...master

> [2.7.0]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v2.7.0...v2.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[2.7.1]: https://github.com/openfun/richie/compare/v2.7.0...v2.7.1
```
